---
title: lesson 9
layout: post
author: joe.burton
permalink: /lesson-9/
source-id: 1wzq9QmFbo4-CzblTuw9Wc_jHFn5Cl1zpwSA3grfkb1E
published: true
---
**Lesson 9**

This lesson we looked at some of our prezi presentations. Mr Keen looked through 3 of them, and commented on what was good and bad.

Common mistakes:

1. Having large blocks of text on one slide - when you do this, it will mean that the audience will either listen to you only, or only look at the board, or both. People often do this, but  it simply means you end up saying the same as what is on the prezi, you need to add the extra detail in what you are saying.

2. I feel sick! - It is a common mistake when people are making prezis, to zoom in and out a lot. Don't do this! It makes the audience feel sick and disorientated, meaning that they can’t concentrate on the presentation.

3. Title or not?- Often when people are creating prezis, they make a title, which is one size and colour, and then different text. However, sometimes, after they have written some text, they find that the titles that they write after this are all in the text font.

4. What does it say? - Don't use similar coloured text to the background. The colours need to be very different, and the writing very clear. Especially if you are using a projector. People don’t want to have to strain their eyes.

5. This isn't yours! - Sometimes people, especially children, will use a youtube video on what they are doing, however this can seem like they are stealing someone else’s work, and can be seen as plagiarism.

6. This isn't yours pt 2! - It is very common for people to copy down things other people have said, instead of putting it in their own words. Often this is only done  to some of the text. The problem is that many children do this, and to most other people it is obvious. Here is an example of what a child’s piece of work may seem to be to an adult: "lol banta gibberish, and consequently discovered the spectacular phenomenon, banta potatoes."

