---
title: Lesson 8
layout: post
author: joe.burton
permalink: /lesson-8/
source-id: 1Mj_lCml0bEKywk-g9vGSspB6RhPzaJIjccHuNI1zjSo
published: true
---
**Lesson 8**

This lesson we looked at prezi - a website you can use to help you with presentations. We talked about how things like powerpoint, and prezi ARE NOT PRESENTATIONS, and how it is actually the person talking, giving the presentation, and the screen is just something to help. 

The reason that things on a screen help with a presentation is that when you look at something, you process it differently to when you see it. This means it goes to a different part of your memory bank. With talking AND pictures, people are most likely to remember something. Some things are also very hard to describe, in words, but with a picture people can easily understand what you mean. This is the reason for the saying "one picture paints a thousand words." If you try and describe a picture, it could take thousands of words to tell someone what you see, but if you showed them the picture, then they get all the real emotions.

We also looked at how prezi can be better, and more useful in some contexts, than powerpoint. This is because, looking at slide, after slide, after slide, can become very boring and irritating. Bullet point after bullet point, means that you start not to read them, and take in the information. This is the main reason why prezi is so clever, because it is all on one "slide", and you have a lot more choice on what you do.

