---
title: Lesson 19
layout: post
author: joe.burton
permalink: /lesson-19/
source-id: 16CxNiH8nla7r1Lh__EgH0Ww5fIGGOUjy6wYU6uPqNJ4
published: true
---
**Lesson 19**

This lesson, we looked at the dangers of "child porn". “Porn” is an image that is specifically designed to be sexually arousing.  “Child porn” is an image of someone under the age of 18, designed to be deliberately sexually arousing.

Possession of child porn can result in prosecution, and jail sentences. Creation of child porn is also just as punishable. However it is likely you will not be punished if it is not a pattern of behaviour. People are also not punished if they are a victim of paedophile gangs, or are blackmailed e.t.c into committing these crimes.

It is an EXTREMELY bad idea to distribute any photos you have to other people (though having these images is a bad idea anyway). Here are three very good reasons not to do this:

1. If the police get involved , you can be prosecuted. If you are on the sex offenders list, then it can seriously limit your lifestyle, including not being able to leave your hometown with out letting the police know, not being able to get a visa, not being able to get quite a lot of jobs, and more.

2. You could lead your victim to suicide, which you would have to live with for the rest of your life. This would also put you in prison. It is only one step lower than murder.

3. They, or their family may try to get revenge on you for your actions, in any way possible, including revenge porn. I know for a fact that if you led my computing teacher's daughter to suicide, he would personally come at you with a sword.

