---
title: Blog post for media navigator
layout: post
author: joe.burton
permalink: /blog-post-for-media-navigator/
source-id: 17e1b1yJkT-Y7p0cMvXzjWGp0kcNMLxDEe1FsjdWL_hY
published: true
---
I found creating my identity fairly simple, though at first I was not quite sure of the specific requirements, as we had not been told the relative quantity of writing to pictures. I was happy with sharing my identity map like this, as then everyone can know what I think, and see how I have interpreted things. This level of openness does not worry me. It was good to comment on other people's identity maps, as i usually criticize what other people have done, in my head, anyway. Anytime I do tell someone my constructive criticism, they don’t listen as they don’t need to, when they actually could have benefited, whereas when they are meant to look at what other people think of their work, then they will take it in, and think again about what they have written/thought. I think that the way that we shared our work with the class was very good, as when I ask someone something face to face, they end up being more vague, but when writing they have to be more clear. This way is also easier for them to think themselves about how inclusive what they have done is. It was good to get the comments and read through them, especially since they were mostly quite uplifting. The only surprise I got when I was reading the comments on my work, was that someone had written there was nothing they would change , and that it was perfect, which I  personally think says something about what they must have done themselves. This process is different from commenting on something online, in that online you can not see their reaction, and often people actually react differently when they can't see the person, or their emotions. I don’t think that making this identity map really helped me to know better what I am going to post on social media in the future, as I already had a clear picture in my mind. There is also not any other changes I would like to make to the media I use, based on this activity, as I think I already had a good choice of what I was using , beforehand. These lessons have not changed my view on social media in much of a way at all, as I had already been given a good picture of social media’s uses and dangers, and I had also already made my mind up on what social media I wanted to use when, and why. 

